# Smart To-Do Web Application
=========

When you are recommended something it's not always easy to jot it down for later in an organized fashion. Adding the item to your phone or computer ends up taking time and opening up the right app is only part of the problem. You then have to locate the right list ("Movies to watch", "Books to read", etc.) to add to. And if you do get it in to the right list, you don't have much more context about it. This delay and lack of additional information acts as a huge deterrent.

The solution? A smart, auto-categorizing todo list app. The user simply has to add the name of the thing, and it gets put into the correct list.

## Collaborators

This project was created by:

- [Thien Trieu](https://github.com/thien-trieu)
- [Jhon Useche](https://github.com/jhon-u)
- [Joe Polo](https://github.com/JoePolo1)


## Getting Started

1. Create the `.env` by using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information 
  - username: `labber` 
  - password: `labber` 
  - database: `midterm`
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8080/`

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`.
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`.
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples. 
- Use helper functions to run your SQL queries and clean up any data coming back from the database. See `db/queries` for pre-populated examples.
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds. 
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database. 
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.

## Dependencies

- Node 10.x or above
- NPM 5.x or above
- PG 6.x
- express 4.17.1
- express-validator 6.14.2
- bcryptjs 2.4.3
- cookie-session 2.0
- morgan 1.9.1
- pg 8.5
- ejs 2.6.2
- axios 1.2.1
- chalk 2.4.2
- dotenv 2.0
- sass 1.35.1
- xml-js": 1.6.11


